Well even though we've got all the standard poses down now we've got the contact pose here at frame
1 and at frame 7 we've got the down pose here at frame 2.
We've got the passing pose frame four and we've got the up at frame 5 and we've got the reverse of all
of these over here from 7 to 13.
But if you notice there's these empty frames There's three and six here and even though I don't have
a particular name for these I feel like I need to clean them up a bit.
They're kind of wonky now and and they don't really look good as poses.
So let's try and work on these a bit.
So we've got our contact pose here are down when the foot hits flat here on the ground.
What I need unframed three is that foot to continue to be flat on the ground and actually be underneath
the character kind of supporting the weight or the centerline of the character and I need this back
foot kind of passing by that.
So let's try that.
I want to take that foot control here of the left foot and hit Allt are in clear the rotation on that
I'll also press all g to clear the location and on this foot roll I'll press alt r as well so now we've
got that foot right back in the center where it began flat on the ground and that's what I think we
want for that for this one here.
I mean make sure the rotations zeroed out.
Yikes.
And let me clear the rotation on this one real quick and now rotate that back.
Let me go to my rotate tool so I can rotate it in this axis exactly like this.
All right let's see how that works.
I'm going to come back to my contact.
There's the down there's that in-between on frame three and then passing it frame for that looks pretty
good.
I like that we've got our position at frame 5 and at frame 6 this is should be kind of the only frame
in the cycle where both feet are off the ground and they are and that's good.
But the pose itself isn't real great.
I'll go ahead and make sure this is cleared with all that are.
And then I'll rotate it back up just a bit like so and maybe even bring that out a little bit so it's
a little more extreme and this I'll go ahead and clear the rotation just so I know it's clear.
And then I'll rotate this back.
And maybe bringing him up like that.
So it's a little more of an interesting pose.
Angle that backs some like that.
All right.
So we've got let's see how we did here.
Contac down that in-between pose at frame three the passing the up and that in-between when his feet
are off the ground and then back to the contact.
OK so let's select everything now.
I'm going to go and save just in case here and I'll go back over to frame three and I'll copy that with
this button here.
And then I'll move it to the mirror image frame which is going to be frame 9 and paste that.
All right.
Then I want to go back to frame 6 right here.
I'll copy that.
And I want to go up to frame 12 right and paste that here.
There we go.
OK a save and let's scroll through and see what we got.
How does it look.
Did I destroy anything in what I just did here.
That sometimes happens.
So here's frame one frame to frame three four five five looks a little high.
He looks like he's kicking his leg up a little high.
But let's let's go with it for now here.
Six.
That's when he's off the ground and back to the contact there's the down that passing or that extra
in-between there's the passing the up that extra when he's off the ground and back down.
All right let's play this and see how it looks.
All right.
Not bad.
Now one thing you'll notice is that it's got a little bit of extra a glitch or something at the very
end of the cycle and that's because we have duplicated frame one to frame 13.
And I did that just so we would have a constant loop.
But ultimately when we actually use the run cycle we'll just use frames 1 through 12.
So I've changed the end to 12 here and now there shouldn't be quite as much of a pop.
So there we go we've got him running we've got a pretty good run cycle.
There's more I could do here I feel like he could come down a little bit more on the down positions.
At frame two and eight.
In fact why don't I just do that.
I'll take this and move them straight down just a tad and then I'll take that frame to let me de-select
everything over here.
I'll find that torso as it is so I'll select that one keyframe there and we need to duplicate that to
frame 8.
So here's frame eight here.
Shift DE and I'll move it to frame eight.
They're And we go.
So now let's see how that works.
Yeah.
He goes down just a little bit more.
Good.
OK.
So now that we have the basic run cycle for the legs from the side view let's switch over to the front
view I'll hit the one key and let's just take a look at where everything is positioned from the front
view.
Now here's the initial contact pose and it looks to me like the knees a little pointed inward a little
too much.
Let me go forward some.
So yeah it looks like the knees especially here are pointed or are pushed in too far.
So I think I just need to go through and adjust the controls a bit to try and get them the way we want
them here.
So maybe this can come out a bit to be more in line with the foot.
Let's move forwards here.
I feel like this knee could come out a bit right here.
So we just need to go through and make sure it looks like the legs are in a position to support the
weight of the character.
Now at this pose right here I feel like that Annie could come out just a little more like that.
Now I am creating a lot of key frames here and I may need to go through and delete some of these Let's
see how it looks.
That's not bad.
We've still got a lot of work to do on the arms of course I'm going to pause for just a minute and I'm
going to go through and just hide some of these layers here so I can see what's going on.
We'll turn them on here in a minute again.
But I just want to see it without all the controls.
So we've got some jittery stuff happening on the arms and the hands and that's fine.
There may be more tweaking we can do once we get the arms set up and they're not glitching out like
that so much.
But generally speaking I think we're doing all right.
I think you know we're going to see him in game mainly from back here
yeah.
I think that's going to work.
So when me pause him here and what we'll do in the next video is we'll start working on swinging those
arms back and forth with the hammer and the shield.